What does the man imply about the woman? 
She doesn¡¯t like to write letters. 
She is happy to be here with her friends.
She likes to mail her letters herself.
She¡¯s written a lot of letters recently.

What do you learn about Professor Ford?
She teaches high school.
She wants more ice in her glass.
She never misses class.
She thinks cold weather is nice.

What does the man mean?
The woman should ask someone else for help.
He wonders if the woman hears a noise.
They can work together the next day.
He didn¡¯t hear her question.

What is true about John, according to the woman?
John is too far away to hear.
John is out of money.
John hasn¡¯t left yet.
John doesn¡¯t hear well.

What is the implication of the woman?
The guests aren¡¯t thirsty.
Water isn¡¯t appropriate for guests.
The guests don¡¯t want to be served water.
There isn¡¯t enough water.

What will the woman probably do next?
Lend the man some money.
Take the man to the bank.
Ask the man when he¡¯ll be paid.
Ask the man to write her a check.

Why didn¡¯t the woman return the man¡¯s calls?
She forgot to call him.
Her telephone is broken.
She didn¡¯t get the man¡¯s messages.
She couldn¡¯t remember the man¡¯s phone number.

Why is the man carrying an extra suitcase?
He received permission to carry an extra bag.
He doesn¡¯t know he is allowed to carry only one with him on the plane.
The extra suitcase he is carrying belongs to someone else.
He has too much stuff.

What does the man think the woman should do?
Travel into the city another day.
Pick up her medicine before they leave.
Avoid driving after taking her medicine.
Wait to take her medicine until after their trip.

What does the woman predict will happen?
The air will be cleaner if they go to a different city.
It¡¯ll soon be too late to control the pollution.
Society will not pay attention to the new laws.
The situation will improve with the new changes.

Why isn¡¯t the man wearing a jacket?
He didn¡¯t have time to look for his jacket.
He didn¡¯t like its style.
He didn¡¯t know it would be cold.
He forgot to bring his jacket.

What will the professor probably allow the student to do?
Attend a conference with her.
Mail her the paper after the deadline.
Submit a handwritten draft of the paper.
Complete the course without submitting the paper.

What does the woman want to know?
She wants to know who saw Mary this morning.
She wants to know when the man got to the office.
She wants to know if Mary has come by this morning.
She wants to know which person in the office needed help.

What does the woman mean?
She fell asleep before the program ended.
She especially enjoyed the end of the program.
She missed the beginning of the program.
She wishes she had gone to sleep earlier.



What can be inferred about the man?
He doesn¡¯t like to take pills.
He may not be able to wake up.
He may feel better soon.
He may want to take the pills without food.

Between 1990 and 2000, what changes did the world population have?
It had more than doubled.
It had more than tripled.
It had less than doubled.
It had increased by almost a billion.

According to some scientists, which of the following is true?
The world¡¯s natural resources are adequate and evenly distributed.
The world¡¯s natural resources are adequate but not evenly distributed.
The world¡¯s natural resources are neither adequate nor evenly distributed.
The world¡¯s natural resources are adequate but evenly distributed.

Why can¡¯t most of the earth¡¯s water be used? 
There is too little to supply such a large population. 
It¡¯s mostly salt or frozen at the North and South Poles. 
It¡¯s mostly polluted. 
The water supply is decreasing. 

In developing countries, what does the use of modem farming methods result in?
It can greatly increase worldwide production. 
It can slightly increase worldwide production. 
It can hardly increase worldwide production. 
It can slightly decrease worldwide production. 

According to the author, what can you infer from the passage? 
Limiting population growth will help to reserve natural resources. 
The problem of overpopulation cannot be solved. 
Limiting population growth will help to produce natural resources.
Limiting population growth cannot solve the shortage of natural resources.

When does the rainfall come in the Middle East? 
In spring.
In summer.
In winter.
In autumn.



What is the cause of the water crisis in the region?
Lack of water resources. 
Lack of rainfall. 
Inefficient use of water.
All of the above.

How many years are left for Israel and Jordan before their agriculture is threatened? 
5 to 10 years.
10 to 15 years. 
15 to 20 years.
20 to 25 years.

What is the current population in the Middle East according to the passage? 
150 million. 
159 million. 
260 million. 
269 million. 

According to some experts¡¯ suggestion, what should the nations do in order to avoid a water crisis? 
The nations should share both technology and resources. 
The nations should pay much more attention to the problem. 
The nations should stop political rivalries. 
The nations should control the region¡¯s population.
Q: Why is the office calling the man?
To tell him the time for the meeting.
To change the appointment time.
To cancel the appointment.
To remind the man of the date and the time of the appointment. 

What does the man mean?
No one believes he won the scholarship.
He¡¯s surprised that he got the scholarship.
It isn¡¯t true that he won the scholarship.
He¡¯s glad to award the woman the scholarship. 

When will the woman discuss her project with Professor Davidson? 
During her economics class.
Before her economics class. 
In about an hour.
The next day.

What do you learn about the woman?
The nurse wasn¡¯t able to help her.
She¡¯s going to help the nurse as soon as she feels better. 
She thinks she should ask the nurse for a pill. 
She feels sleepy because of the medicine she took.

What does the woman want to know?
Whether she can make a proposal.
Whether Bill needs her help.
Whether she can review Bill¡¯s summary.
Whether she can speak for Bill.

What problem does the woman have? 
She wasted too much film. 
It is difficult for her to take a picture of the mountains.
She doesn¡¯t have any more film.
She doesn¡¯t know how to use the camera. 

What does the man mean?
Their food will arrive shortly.
He¡¯ll take their order soon.
He¡¯s ready to take their¡¯ order.
They¡¯ll have to wait for a table.




What will the man probably do next?
Borrow the woman¡¯s car keys,
Listen to the weather report.
Go to his car.
Lend the woman his umbrella.

What can be inferred about the man¡¯s daughter".
She doesn¡¯t Spend much time with her friends.
She doesn¡¯t like her school.
She has adapted easily to her new school.
She spends most of her free time at school.

What¡¯s the man probably doing?
Writing an article.
Studying for a chemistry test.
Shopping for shoes.
Reading a magazine.

What do you think of the woman? 
She¡¯s too lazy to do anything. 
She is busy all day long.
She prefers to keep busy.
She is hard to please

What does the woman suggest the man do? 
Change his diet.
Take a different kind of medicine.
Ask another doctor about the problem.
Do special knee exercises.

What will the woman probably do?
Ask a friend for the name of a hair stylist.
Get her hair cut at 12:00.
Make an appointment with someone else.
Call another hair salon.

What does the man imply?
He doesn¡¯t have time to read.
He has no reading preferences.
He doesn¡¯t read the same kinds of books as the woman. 
He likes to write essays on social topics.



What will the woman probably do?
Call a repair person soon.
Ask the man to fix her refrigerator.
Find a book on how to make repairs.
Wait to see if the problem disappears.


When does the number of purse snatchings decrease most dramatically
When a professional purse snatcher is locked away.
When a professional purse snatcher is release from police station.
When a teenager is in a restaurant. 
When a teenager is on a train. 

Where does a purse snatcher like to commit crimes in subway stations? 
On a train. 
In a restaurant. 
Between two subway cars. 
In a restroom. 

When women are in restaurants, where are they advised to put their purses? 
On a vacant chair at a table: 
At their feet beside their chairs. 
On their wrist. 
On the floor between their legs. 

What does a thief often use to snatch purses in restaurants? 
A hook. 
An umbrella with the curved handle down. 
A stick. 
A bar. 

According to this passage, where does purse snatching not usually occur? 
Subway stations.
Ladies¡¯ rooms. 
Restaurants.
Hospitals.

What happened to Mrs. Weinberger on the afternoon of July 4th, 1995? 
She saw her baby taken away by a man. 
Her baby was kidnapped. 
Her baby was seriously ill. 
She lost $2,000. 


Accoring to the message left by the kidnapper, on what condition could Mrs. Weinberger have her baby back? 
She had to help the man escape the city they lived in.
She had to give the police a sum of money for help. 
She had to give $2,000 to the man who knew where the baby was.
Her baby recovered from her illness. 

What did Mrs. Weinberger do after reading the note?
She reported it to the police. 
She sent the money to the man.
She hurried to the hospital. 
She went to the appointed place.

How did the FBI catch the criminal?
By analyzing his fingerprints.
With the help of the neighbors. 
By analyzing his handwriting.
By means of the small parcel left by the criminal. E

Which of the following words can best describe people¡¯s handwriting characteristics?
Individuality.
Angle.
Dot. 
Fingerprint.

What is the woman saying? 
She's not qualified to write the report. 
She¡¯s too busy to help the man.
She¡¯s surprised by the man¡¯s request.
She¡¯d rather meet the man tonight.

What does the man suggest the woman do?
Write a check to pay for the books.
Place an order for more books.
Open the box of books that the company shipped.
Call the company she ordered the books from.

What can be learned about the woman?
She has to type two more pages,
She finished her work long ago.
She wants the man to help her after he is done.
She and the man will complete their work at about the same time. 

What does the man say about the editorial?
It predicted the mayor would lose the election.
It clarified the mayor¡¯s position.
It didn¡¯t accurately represent the mayor¡¯s speech.
It listed the mayor¡¯s accomplishments.

What can be inferred about the man?
He doesn¡¯t have the to go to a movie. 
He¡¯s upset with the woman.
He doesn¡¯t usually enjoy comedies. 
He has almost finished his work.

What is true about the man?
He has just recovered from the flu. 
He won¡¯t be able to go to the play.
He heard that the play isn¡¯t very good.
He has already seen the play.

What does the woman suggest Gordon do?
Share the place he now lives in.
Avoid living near the campus.
Apply for campus housing.
Find an apartment soon.



What does the man mean?
He wants to meet the woman after his Spanish class.
The woman should borrow someone else¡¯s workbook.
He can take the woman to her class.
The woman needs to return the workbook before the class.

What is the man's attitude towards diets?
He believes that diets are really good.
He thinks that diets by themselves are not useful.
According to him diets can be harmful.
He is not interested in diets at all.

What is the implication of the man?
There are different kinds of folders.
This decision requires careful thought.
It doesn¡¯t matter which color she uses.
The color should suggest the content.

What does the man imply about Professor Martin?
She prepares her students well.
She used to teach graduate courses.
She isn¡¯t qualified to teach Organic Chemistry.
Her students rarely attend graduate school.

Which of the following is true according to the conversation?
The man decided not to sell the piano.
The man is looking for a place to store the piano.
No one has bought the piano.
The man hasn¡¯t been able to find an inexpensive piano yet.

Why hasn¡¯t the man gotten to know his neighbors?
He doesn¡¯t like his neighbors.
His neighbors intend to go on vacation.
His neighbors aren¡¯t very sociable.
He is too busy to meet his neighbors.

What is the implication of the man?
He already knew about the problem.
Someone has started fixing the washing machine.
No one complained about the washing machine today.
There¡®s nothing wrong with the washing machine.




What can be learned about the man?
He lives far away from the train' station.
It¡¯ll be easy for him to give the woman a ride to the station.
He¡¯ll ride on the train with the woman.
He¡¯s picking someone up from the station. 1

According to the passage, what are educators discovering?
The usefulness of computers in learning.
A teaching method. 
A technology.
A network.

What do schools usually purchase computer networks for?
Teaching computer class.
Keeping attendance records.
Obtaining information.
Sending messages. 

According to the author, what should computers be mainly used for? 
It should be mainly used for arousing students¡¯ interest in learning. 
It should be mainly used for production.
It should be mainly used for administrative work. 
It should be mainly used for paper grading.

Which of the following is NOT a feature of video conferencing? 
Students in different places are brought together face to face via computer. 
Teachers and students can see and talk with each other.
Video conferencing can keep the students interested in learning. 
It is easy for teachers to organize group discussion. 

Which of the following is true according to the passage? 
Technology has not developed to the extent that it can be applied to teaching.
Administrative work is so important that it should be deemed as the math part of schoolwork. 
Students attending video conferencing must have the same cultural background.
Education can be delivered to students through computers and the Internet.





Before being used for commerce, what was the Internet mainly used for?
For the army and research work in universities.
For education.
For transportation.
For management. 

Which one of the following is NOT a factor that can make transactions more efficient on the Internet? 
Speedy communication.
Availability of products for sale on the Internet.
Timely updated information.
Customers.

Why does distance become meaningless in e-commerce?
Because the Internet links everyone in any part of the world and transmits information at a very high speed.
Because there are no national boundaries on the Internet.
Because neither businessmen nor customers need to travel a long distance.
Because transportation has been much faster than before. 

What do customers worry about in e-commerce?
Prices of products.
Speed of transaction. 
Quality of products. 
Privacy and security.

What is the main idea of this passage? 
The advantages of e-commerce.
The disadvantages of e-commerce.
The function of e-commerce.
The history of e-commerce.
Which one of the following is true according to the man? 
The new bookstore is too far away. 
The store has all the latest books.
There was a bookstore there before.
The books in the store are old.

What has Alice probably been doing? 
Reading the paper.
Taking a final exam.
Helping the librarian.
Studying.


What does the man suggest the woman do?
Get another car.
Ask someone else to help her.
Buy something less expensive.
Go to another repair shop.

How do you interpret what the woman said?
Winter is one of her favorite Seasons.
She packed up her winter clothes months ago.
She¡¯s happy the season has changed.
The warm weather might not last long.

What does the man say about his team?
His team won the other night.
His team didn't play at its best.
His team always loses.
His team played for the first time.

What is the implication of the woman? 
Each person will be allowed to buy only one ticket. 
The tickets will sell out quickly. 
The rock concert will probably be reschedule
There w1ll be extra tickets at the rock concert. 

What does the man plan to do next? 
Board the train. 
Send a fax.
Change his departure time.
Have breakfast.


What can be known from the conversation?
The woman should cut the man¡¯s hair again.
The man wants the woman to cut his hair' extremely short. 
The man is bald and doesn¡¯t need a haircut.
The woman previously cut off too much of the man¡¯s hair. 

What does the woman imply the man should do?
Find out how much work will be required for the class.
Take another class instead of creative writing.
Ask his advisor about the instructor for the Wednesday class.
Sign up for the Wednesday class.

What will the woman probably do tonight?
She will have to practise her speech.
She will try the new sea food restaurant.
She will need the man¡¯s help.
She will deliver her speech.

What does the man suggest the woman do?
Try to find out whom the wallet belongs to.
Keep the wallet until someone comes looking for it.
Leave the wallet where she found it.
Get the attention of the person who dropped the wallet.

Why does the man suggest they should watch the TV programme on Sunday?
The programme isn¡¯t showing on Saturday.
He¡¯ll meet the woman on Saturday. 
The man has to help someone on Saturday. 
His cousin arrives on Saturday. 

What can be inferred about the woman, concerning the platter? 
She can¡¯t help the man look for another platter. 
She forgot the platter had been broken. 
She didn¡¯t realize the platter had been broken. 
She doesn¡¯t want the man to replace the platter. 

What does the man mean?
The woman can take a bus to the museum.
The woman should wait in front of the museum.
He doesn¡¯t know where the museum is.
There¡¯s only one bus that travels down Main Street.




What information can you get from the woman? 
She¡¯d like to take a later flight.
They should leave for the airport immediately. 
They won¡¯t arrive late.
She isn¡¯t afraid to travel alone.?

What lesson can we draw from this story?
Gold is very valuable and it is by far dearer to us than our parents.
It is dangerous if you care for nothing but money.
Money can not only make people wealthy but bring them happiness as well.
People can not live without gold though they can not eat or wear it.

When did the news of the gold discovery spread all over the USA?
After Sutter died.
After Sutter sent a man to Mom the governor.
Not until the news had spread to Europe.
When a reporter made a report after his visit to Sutter¡¯s sawmill.

Why were many families broken up and husbands taken away from their wives?
Husbands did not love their wives any longer, and children no longer loved their parents.
The California Gold Rush was the beginning of the civil war.
Worshippers of gold loved the metal so much that they would even desert their wives and children.
Those people who hurried to California all wanted to have a Settlement of their own.

What happened to Mr. Sutter in the end according to the story?
Disasters happened to him one after another, his business was ruined and he became very poor.
His family enjoyed the entire wealth of his settlement.
He went mad, killed all his family and burned down all his houses.
He succeeded in driving the prospectors off his land.

What does the story tell us?
Gold is evil.
We should care more for gold than for our family.
Americans are all greedy.
We should not put wealth before everything else.





How many functions does money have? 
Two.
Three. 
Four. 
Five.

Why do we say that money is a means? 
Because it helps us to solve problems.
Because it makes us live comfortably.
Because it enables us to exchange goods and services. 
Because it is a means of communication

What is the main feature of commodities? 
They are valuable things. 
They can be bought and sold.
Their value can remain approximately constant. 
They can be exchanged freely.

Which of the following is true according to the passage? 
Money enables us to make use of old things. 
All things in the world can be measured by money. 
Money is fixed and unchangeable in comparison with other things. 
Money is not a standard of value because it does vary.


What happens to money in times of financial crisis? 
It may go bad.
It may lose some of its value.
More money is deposited in the bank.
The total amount of money may be increased.
What does the man want to tell the woman?
He¡¯s unable to work on his paper.
He can not give the woman his typewriter.
He¡¯s run out of paper.
He doesn¡¯t have any money

What does the man think of Susan¡¯s apple pie? 
Nothing can be worse than it.
It was very delicious.
It is the best food for everyone in the world.
Only the last piece was not so good.

What does the man mean?
He hopes to leave before the woman does.
His office is one hour away from his home.
He¡¯s certain the lock works.
He will leave the office in about an hour.


What does the man say about Nancy?
She¡¯s not a good skier.
She went skiing on Thursday.
She won¡¯t be able to go skiing.
She really gets thirsty while skiing.

What does the woman tell the man?
She¡¯ll pay him 75 cents to carry the packages.
He should stop blocking the doorway.
It¡¯s not far for her to carry the packages.
She appreciates his carrying the packages.

What will the man probably do?
Go to Sally¡¯s room.
Call Sally.
Talk to Sally¡¯s friends.
Start studying without Sally.

What conclusion can be drawn from the conversation?
The party should have ended sooner.
The man¡¯s apartment is too small for parties.
The woman would like to be invited to the next party.
The man will spend the day cleaning. 



What can be inferred from the conversation?
The woman¡¯s business didn¡¯t make much money, but she didn¡¯t lose any.
The woman doesn¡¯t like selling jewelry.
The woman has to close her business.
The man broke some of the woman¡¯s jewelry. 

What will the man probably do?
Try to call Bill at a different location. 
Tell Bill to call the woman about the presentation. 
Give Bill a copy of the presentation at dinner. 
Invite Bill to the woman¡¯s house for dinner. 

What can we conclude from the conversation?
The woman doesn¡¯t care for cake.
The woman would like some more dessert.
The woman has had enough to eat.
The cake was over-baked.

What can be inferred from the conversation?
The woman forgot Debbie¡¯s birthday.
The woman didn¡¯t know what Debbie wanted.
The woman didn¡¯t buy a sweater for Debbie.
The sweater the woman bought doesn¡¯t fit Debbie.

What is true about the woman?
She can complete the preparations in time.
She wants everyone to work together.
She anticipates help from the man.
She thinks only a little planning is necessary. 

What does the man suggest they do?
Ask someone else to go to the concert with them.
Find out when the concert begins.
Meet at the concert.
Go to the concert another evening.

How do you interpret the conversation?
The woman will eat the toast anyway.
The woman is not hungry.
The woman doesn¡¯t like toast.
The woman will toast the bread by herself.



What will the woman probably do?
Register for fewer courses next semester.
Go to the registrar¡¯s office soon.
Call the registrar¡¯s office later. 
Apply for a job at the registrar¡¯s office.

What kind of region are the Highlands?
They are abundant with coca.
They are a region rich in legend.
They are hilly and mountainous.
They are a region with many romantic patriotic people.

Where might tourists stay on their first night in Scotland?
At a hotel in the mountainous are
At a hotel in the little town of Callander.
In farmers¡¯ house in the neighborhood.
In the house of a Scottish friend.

What is meant by ¡°high tea¡±?
It is a meal with rich nutrition.
It is a kind of tea with milk and sugar.
It is a meal which takes the place of tea and dinner.
It is a kind of food which consists of bread and butter with jam.

What is the road to the west coast like in Scotland?
It is dangerous.
It twists, turns and climbs.
It is muddy.
It is wet and slippery. 

What animals does a tourist see on the way to the west coast?
Long-haired Highland cattle. 
Long-haired sheep. 
Ordinary cattle.
Goats.

Where does Wales lie? 
On the eastern side of Britain.
In the centre of Britain.
On the western side of Britain. 
In the north of Britain.

Which of the following can describe the Welsh mountains? 
They are rugged and forbidding, but the slopes are green. 
They are popular for holidays. 
They are remote from big cities, but polluted by heavy industry. 
They have rich coal resources. 

Which place is ideal for a climbing and walking holiday? 
The isolated villages remote from town. 
The highest peak in the Welsh mountains, Snowdon. 
The valleys of south Wales. 
The seaside resorts. 

Why is Wales often called ¡°The Land of Song¡±? 
Many famous singers are from there. 
An arts festival is held there every year.
The Welsh people are famous for their good voices.
The Welsh girls are good at singing.

What percentage of the population of Wales speaks Welsh?
A quarter
A half
Three quarters
Two thirds

What does the man imply?
The classes have improved his health.
His new glasses fit better than the old ones. 
He¡¯s thinking of taking exercise classes.
He¡¯s unhappy about his life.

Which one of the following is true about the woman?
She also found the book difficult.
She has learned a lot about names.
She doesn¡¯t remember the title of the novel.
She read a different book.

What does the woman mean?
They¡¯ll have to go to a later show. 
The people in line all have tickets. 
She doesn¡¯t want to go to the second show.
They won¡¯t have to wait much longer.

What does the man ask the woman?
If it¡¯s too late for her to drop the course. 
If she sympathizes with him.
If she apologized for what she did.
If she regrets taking the course.

What can be inferred about the woman? 
She¡¯ll be travelling during the winter break.
She¡¯ll be working during the winter vacation.
She¡¯s looking forward to going home. 
She wants to hire another research assistant. 

According to the woman, who should be responsible for the problem?
Larry.
Larry¡¯s roommate.
Neither of them.
Both of them.

What will the man probably do according to the woman?
He will probably take his vacation according to his schedule.
He is likely to cancel his vacation plans.
He will probably go on vacation ahead of schedule.
The man may have to reschedule his trip.

What can be inferred about the woman¡¯s paper?
It was not long enough.
It wasn¡¯t as good as she thought.
Her professor was pleased with it.
It was written according to the professor's guidelines.

What does the man imply the woman should do?
Go to the ballet later in the year.
Take ballet lessons with his sister.
Get a schedule of future performances.
Get a ticket from his sister.

How do you interpret the woman¡¯s words?
Her hotel is located far from the conference center.
She didn't want to stay at the Gordon.
The man should consider moving to a different hotel.
She isn¡¯t sure how to get to the conference center.

What can be inferred about the man¡¯s article? 
Few readers agreed with his ideas. 
Very few people have read his article. 
It is not expected to be published.
It is not worth reading at all. 

What can be inferred about the man? 
He¡¯ll go with the woman to the next hockey game.
He missed the hockey game because he was ill.
He forgot about the hockey game.
He doesn¡¯t like to go to hockey games. 

What is Karen likely to do? 
She is likely to drive to the airport next Tuesday.
She will attend the meeting next Tuesday.
She has to change her plans at the last minute.
She is returning from a trip on Tuesday. 

What does the woman suggest the man do? 
Call her after five.
Make calls from her phone.
Go to the meeting with her.
Fix her phone. 

What will the speakers probably do?
Look for more information for their' financial plan.
Ask for more time to finish their' financial plan. 
Finish their financial plan with the material available to them.
Turn in their financial plan later.

What is the SAT? 
The most widely used graduate school admissions test in the U.S. 
An admissions test for non-native English speakers. 
The most widely used college admissions test in the U.S. 
A test used to judge if a person is qualified in his later career. 

What is the purpose of the SAT? 
To help college officials identify which students would be successful in college. 
To help graduate school officials identify the students¡¯ thinking ability. 
To let parents know the IQ of their children.
To let employers know the English proficiency of their employees. 

How is the new SAT to be different from the former one? 
The new SAT focuses on a student¡¯s calculating skills. 
The new SAT emphasizes a student¡¯s speaking ability. 
The new SAT better tests a student¡¯s reasoning and thinking skills. 
The new SAT underlines a student¡¯s memorizing ability. 

Which of the following is NOT true about the changes of the SAT?
Analogy questions will be replaced with questions that better show the students¡¯ reading ability.
Higher level mathematics questions will be added.
A writing test will be added.
Listening comprehension questions will be put at the beginning of the test.

Why did the president of the University of California call on his school to stop using the SAT as an entrance requirement?
The skills it tests are not taught in high school
The results of the test do not show if students are prepared to attend college.
On the SAT, too much attention is paid to students¡¯ reading ability.
Both a and b.

What is required before someone enters medical school? 
Two-year work in a research job.
Four-year attendance at college or university. 
One-year work in a medical job.
Two-year study of biology and chemistry.

How many medical colleges are there in the US? 
120
170.
660
125.

How much does medical education cost each year? 
$30,00
$17,00
$35,00
$66,00

What do many of the students think of their first year of medical school? 
It is rather easy.
It is easy but life is empty.
It is the most difficult. 
Life is meaningful.

Which of the following about medical residency is NOT true?
It is a medical training program.
During the period of being a resident, a person thinks about the kind of medicine he or she would like to practice.
During the fourth year of medical school, each medical student begins seeking to be a medical resident in a hospital.
The years of working as residents are not fixed.
What is the problem for them according to the man?
The man is too busy to go to the concert with the woman.
The line for concert tickets is too long.
The man hasn¡¯t been able to reach Carl.
Carl declined the invitation to the concert.

What is the man probably doing?
Wrapping a parcel to be mailed.
Getting furniture ready for the moving truck.
Buying meat from a butcher,
Getting clothes ready to go to the cleaners.

What does the man mean?
He expected to see Andrew at the airport.
Andrew should have known the apartment would be noisy. 
He¡¯d be happy to meet Andrew.
Andrew is glad he moved away from the airport.

What can be inferred about the lab?
It¡¯s closed on Mondays.
The man doesn¡¯t like working there.
It¡¯s supposed to be open now.
The man locked it at 10:00.

What does the woman suggest they do?
Take a cab.
See the show some other night.
Eat dinner after the show.
Walk to the theater.

What do you know according to the conversation?
The woman has had the man¡¯s calculator since Thursday.
The man¡¯s calculator is broken.
The man may use the woman¡¯s calculator.
The woman will return the man¡¯s calculator on Thursday.

What does the woman suggest the man do?
Buy a different kind of medicine.
See a doctor.
Take a second pill.
Avoid taking any medication.

Which one of the following is true about the man?
He¡¯ll go running after his group meeting.
He doesn¡¯t agree with the woman about the weather.
He doesn¡¯t like to go running.
He¡¯ll go with the woman this afternoon.

Why does the man have a hater hair style than before?
The woman cut it for him.
The woman gave him some advice.
The man had his hair cut in a new barbershop.
A different person cut his hair this time.

What does the woman imply?
The man shouldn¡¯t be surprised at how busy he is.
The man should leave more time for his studies.
The man should try to find a different job.
The bookstore will be hiring more people.

What can be inferred from the conversation?
The woman should get more sleep.
The woman may be sicker than she realizes.
The man isn¡¯t sick.
The man doesn¡¯t think the woman is sick.


Why doesn¡¯t the woman want the man to go to the museum on Monday?
The art museum isn¡¯t open on Mondays.
The bus to the museum doesn¡¯t run on Mondays.
The traffic is heavy on Mondays
She will go there with him on Tuesday.

What does the woman mean?
The man should buy a jacket instead of a suit.
The green jacket doesn¡¯t fit as well as the blue one.
The style of clothing is more important than the color.
The man looks better in blue.

What do you learn from the conversation ?
The woman will get to her class on time.
The woman should go to a different counter.
The man doesn¡¯t like sandwiches very much.
The man is having trouble deciding what to eat.

What do you know about the woman?
The woman will go to see her sister by train.
The woman will visit her sister in three months. 
The woman will have to leave without her sister.
The woman is eager to see her sister.

What do businesses choose to do about the prices of their products in competition? 
Set higher prices.
Leave the prices unchanged.
Offer lower prices. 
Keep the prices adjustable. 

What does the phrase ¡°the most productive input-mix¡± mean?
It means mixing inputs to produce goods or services at the lowest possible cost.
It means mixing inputs through selling goods or services at the lowest possible prices.
It means mixing inputs with goods or services sold at the lowest possible prices.
It means mixing inputs to produce quality goods or services at the lowest possible cost. 

Why is a company usually very careful about choosing its location? 
Because the materials it needs are far away. 
Because the customers it serves are not close-by. 
Because its resources and customers are seldom close to each other.
Because both production and transportation costs are high. 

Why are the soft drink industry and the paper industry used as examples?
Because they are excellent examples of Industries Influenced by transportation costs. ,
Because they share a lot in common.
Because they are both making lower profits.
Because they transport their products at the same costs.

What do transportation costs depend on?
They depend on the location a company selects.
They depend on the company¡¯s product. 
They depend on the materials used to make the product.
They depend on weight, bulk and distance.

What is an advertisement often used to do?
It is often used to deceive customers.
It is often used to increase production.
It is often used to arouse suspicion.
It is often used to push the sale.


According to the passage, what does the word "media" include?
Newspapers and magazines.
Television.
Radio.
All of the above.

By whom is an advertisement mainly paid for?
The customer.
The producer.
Increased sales.
Reduced prices.

Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage? 
When the market is growing, advertising helps to increase demand.
Many businesses such as those handling foods and tobacco have been built up largely by advertising. 
When a market is shrinking, advertising can in no way help to prevent the fall in sales. 
Advertising forms part of the cost of production. 

What conclusion can you draw from the passage?
Businesses usually do not pay much for advertisements. 
Businessmen know that advertising can bring them more profits. 
Advertisements can not convince people of the value of goods
Advertisements usually cost more than businesses can afford.
What does the woman imply about Arthur?
He probably calls his brothers frequently.
He should call his brothers more often.
He does a lot of traveling
He¡¯s saving money to visit his brothers. 


What¡¯s wrong with the man¡¯s calculator, according to the woman?
The battery is not correctly positioned.
The battery is not suitable in size.
The calculator needs a new battery.
The quality of the battery is too low.

What are the man and the woman talking about?
They can get a guidebook in Montreal.
A guidebook is necessary for them.
The guidebook is too expensive to be bought.
It¡¯s no use trying to get a guidebook.

What are the speakers discussing?
Being hungry.
Having a big lunch.
The Weather.
Cooking

What can be inferred from the conversation? 
Tom¡¯s apartment probably costs more than the man¡¯s. 
The man¡¯s place is becoming more expensive. 
The woman¡¯s apartment is better than the man¡¯s.
The woman wants to see Tom¡¯s new apartment.

What does the woman suggest the man do?
Drop out of the play. 
Switch parts with another actor. 
Be patient about learning his part.
Have his lines memorized by tomorrow.

What do you learn from the conversation?
The woman agrees with the man.
The man missed the last study session.
The woman didn¡¯t understand the last chemistry class.
The man should be more serious about his studies.



How do you interpret the man¡¯s answer?
He can¡¯t meet the woman at the engineering building.
He can¡¯t give the woman a ride.
He has already passed the engineering building.
He¡¯ll meet the woman after his appointment.

What does the man mean?
He¡¯ll give the quiz at a later time.
The quiz will be very short.
The quiz won¡¯t be ready until Thursday.
He¡¯ll score the quiz quickly.

What does the man suggest the woman do?
Take the medicine as she was directed to do.
Schedule another appointment with her doctor.
Stop taking the medicine.
Rest her back for a few days.

What does the woman suggest the man do?
Decide which movie to see. 
Order his food quickly.
Go to a later movie.
Go to a different restaurant.

Which one of the following is true about the woman?
She doesn¡¯t like to watch basketball.
She would like the man to accompany her to the game.
She doesn¡¯t have a television.
She¡¯ll sell the man her ticket.

What can be inferred about the woman?
She needs to find a new place to live.
She spends a lot of time in the library.
She prefers to study at home.
She needs to return some books to the library.

What does the doctor imply the man should do?
Spend more time outdoors.
Take short naps during the day.
Try to get to bed earlier.
Stay indoors until he feels better.


What will the woman probably do next?
Sharpen the man¡¯s pencil.
Give the man a new sheet of paper.
Show the man a drawing technique.
Ask the model to move his arm.

Which of the following is the most common tax?
Luxury tax.
Property tax.
Income tax.
Sales tax. 

 ¡°Income tax is usually graduated.¡± What does the sentence mean?
The tax percentage increases as a family¡¯s income increases.
The tax percentage increases as a family¡¯s stipends increase.
The tax percentage decreases as a family¡¯s expenses increase.
The tax percentage increases as a family¡¯s property increases.

What is the amount of property tax based on?
How long the family owns the property.
The property¡¯s value.
The owner¡¯s income.
The property¡¯s value and the owner¡¯s income.

What is the revenue from sales tax used for?
Public schools.
Public safety.
Roads, parks and benefits for the poor.
All of the above.

Where does the revenue from income tax usually go?
To the state government.
To the federal government.
To the local government.
To the community.

What does the first amendment to the Constitution say about religion?
The government gives direct subsidy to every faith. 
There is no law by Congress respecting the establishment of religion. 
There is a law by Congress to prohibit the free exercise of religion 
There is no freedom for Americans to choose their religious faith.



According to the passage, what happened between 1950 and 1970? 
One of the biggest increases in church membership. 
The event of prohibiting the free exercise of religion. 
A big decrease in church membership.
The emergence of classes in religious study.

What percentage of Americans are members of churches in America?
9%
60%
45%
52%

By whom are classes in religious study provided? 
The federal government.
Public educational institutions.
Various religious groups.
The local government.


Where does support of the churches come from?
Their members¡¯ voluntary donations.
The state government. 
The private schools.
Religious groups.

What can be inferred about the man£¿
He makes a lot of money.
He has just been left some money.
He doesn¡¯t believe three hundred dollars is enough.
He can¡¯t afford to spend that much.

What is the man¡¯s suggestion to the woman? 
To discard her old watch.
To buy a good battery.
To get a new watch. 
To have her watch checked.

What does the man mean?
He has another meeting to attend on that day.
He¡¯s available either day.
He can¡¯t attend a two-day conference.
Not everybody will go to the same meeting.

What will the woman probably do?
Go to the beach with her friends.
Postpone her meeting with Professor Jones. 
See Professor Jones after class.
Give a speech in Professor Jones¡¯s class, Janet sounds worried about her grades.

What does the man imply about Janet? 
She isn¡¯t a very good student. 
She hasn¡¯t gotten her grades yet. 
She shouldn¡¯t worry about her grades. 
She doesn¡¯t like to talk about grades. 

What does the woman suggest the man do?
Spend more time working on calculus problems.
Talk to an advisor about dropping the course. 
Work on the assignment with a classmate. 
Ask the graduate assistant for help.

What will the man probably do next?
Go home to get a book.
Return a book to the library.
Pick up a book at the library for the woman. 
Ask the librarian for help finding a book.

What is the man saying?
The woman could use his metric ruler.
He¡¯ll" finish taking the measurements for the woman.
The woman¡¯s ruler is better than his.
He¡¯s faster at making the conversions than the woman.

What does the woman mean?
She wants the man to attend the tournament with her.
The tournament begins next week.
The man should check with his doctor again.
She hopes the man will be able to play in the tournament.

What should the man do according to the woman?
Have everything on the right track.
Make an appointment to see his advisor.
Change his course schedule.
Sign the document before leaving.

What can be inferred about Professor Smith?
She didn¡¯t teach class today. 
She noticed that the students didn¡¯t do their' homework.
She usually assigns homework.
She usually talks quietly. 

What does the woman imply? 
It started to rain when she was at the beach.
She¡¯d like the man to go to the beach with her. 
The forecast calls for more rain tomorrow. 
She won¡¯t go to the beach tomorrow if it rains.

What can be inferred about the woman?
She disagrees with the man.
She doesn¡¯t enjoy long speeches.
She hadn¡¯t known how long the speech would be.
She doesn¡¯t have a strong Opinion about the speaker. 

What does the man think of his job?
It doesn¡¯t suit him.
It is hard but well-paid.
It is easy and decent.
It is easy but not decent. 

What do you learn from the conversation?
The man has already finished his report.
The man hasn¡¯t chosen a topic for his report.
The woman¡¯s report is already long enough.
The woman will have time to finish her report.

According to the professor, if a student wants to find a best college, what is the first thing he should do? 
Ask himself some important questions.
Ask a good professor for help.
Ask his parents for help.
Ask his friends for help.

What kind of college is NOT mentioned? 
A large university.
A large private university.
A junior college.
A technical college.

How many ways are mentioned for a student to pay for tuition? 
Two.
Three.
Four. 
Five.

When it comes to the choice of majors, what kind of school should a student apply to? 
A school that has hot majors. 
A school that has literature majors.
A school that has business majors. 
A school that has a wide range of majors.

Which of the following schools is the best choice for a student? 
A school that has good college representatives. 
A school that has characteristics that are important to him
A school that has a beautiful campus. 
A school that costs less.

How many credits are required to get a master's degree?
About 32.
About 33
About 35. 
About 36.

How many credits is each course worth usually?
2. 
3.
4.
5.

Which of the following is true about audited courses?
A student can be given credits for audited courses.
A student needn't do any assignments for audited courses.
A student is required to take tests for audited courses.
A student needn¡¯t pay for audited courses.

What can be inferred from the passage? 
A student has to submit a thesis if he wants to take an oral examination.
A student can get the master's degree as long as he gets 36 credits.
The advisor of the student presides over the oral examination.
A student cannot get the master's degree until he passes an oral examination.

What should a student do to get a doctorate degree? 
Get 36 credits.
Pass an oral examination.
Submit a dissertation.
All of the above.

What will the man probably do?
Order a newspaper
Take a newspaper
Put an ad in the summer
Go to the interviewer's office

What do you learn from the conversation?
The man must be a very slow driver.
The woman did a lot of walking in Florida.
Most people make the trip in about a week.
The woman got to Florida long before the man did.

What does the man suggest the woman do?
Look for the umbrella in the theater.
Ask the ticket seller about the umbrella.
Buy another ticket for the show.
Write a check for the umbrella.

What can be inferred about the biography? 
It should be easy to read.
The woman can finish reading it this weekend.
It must be very long.
It is probably boring.

What does the man mean? 
He has already called Harry.
Harry knows most of the facts.
He needs to talk to Harry soon.
Harry doesn¡¯t have a telephone.

What does the woman mean? 
She doesn¡¯t think the shirt comes in a bigger size. 
She thinks the shirt will fit the man. 
A check shirt won¡¯t look good on the man. 
The bigger sizes are more expensive. 

What does the woman imply about the tape. recorder?
She expects the man to have it repaired.
She¡¯s angry with the man for forgetting it.
She doesn¡¯t know where it is.
She¡¯d like the man to return it by tonight.

What does the woman imply?
She didn¡¯t buy the ticket.
The ticket was expensive.
She doesn¡¯t know how much the ticket cost.
There are still few tickets left.

What does the man suggest the woman do?
Eat a bigger breakfast.
Make time for lunch in her schedule.
Take only morning classes next semester.
Change her schedule after she eats lunch.

Why is the man dropping out of the band?
He¡¯s quitting the band for academic reasons.
He didn¡¯t enjoy being a member of the band.
He was blamed for being a member of the band.
He prefers studying rather than traveling and playing.

Which of the following is true about the man?
His suit is too old to wear.
He doesn¡¯t want to buy new clothes.
He doesn¡¯t want to wear a suit. 
He¡¯ll go shopping with the woman.

What will the woman probably do next?
Calculate the bill again. 
Refuse to pay the bill. 
Invite the man to dinner. 
Lend the man some money. 

What do you think of Sara according to the conversation? 
She rarely makes mistakes. 
She usually says what she thinks. 
She is hard to work with. 
She is not a hard worker.

What will the woman probably do tonight?
She¡¯d prefer to see a different type of movie than a comedy.
She will go to a movie with the man.
She will have to finish her research paper.
She will have the man help her with her research paper.

What information can you get about the man? 
He prefers to work part-time. 
He wants to change his class schedule.
He¡¯s having a difficult time finding a part-time job
He doesn¡¯t want to work on campus.

What was the main function of the dowry system?
To protect the wife from being beaten her husband.
To make the couple live happier.
To keep the wife away from different kinds of risks.
To protect the wife from being deserted by her husband.

What did the documents indicate about the legal status of a wife? 
She enjoyed a right higher than that of her husband.
She enjoyed a right lower than that of her husband.
She enjoyed the same right as that of her husband.
Nothing about it.

According to the passage, could a husband sell his wife¡¯s inheritance. 
No, under no circumstances.
Yes, whenever he wished to.
Yes, if she agree
Yes, if his father-in-law agreed.

Why did the wife drag her husband to the scribe to draw up a contract?
Because she had decided to sell a field she had inherited.
Because she wanted to share her husband¡¯s property. 
Because her husband refused to compensate her for selling the field she had inherited.
Because she had a poor relationship with her husband.

What is your impression of Maria Vivas?
She was strong-willed.
She was ambitious.
She was sweet-tempered.
She was obedient.

What is the present status of American women?
They are achieving social and economic equality with men.
They are offered more opportunities than men. 
They are free to do whatever they like. 
They are more active in politics than men. 

To which of the following groups does politics appeal? 
Women who want to choose an ideal career.
Women who want to effect social changes.
Women who enjoy holding important positions.
Women who are fond of office jobs. 

What¡¯s the percentage of Women in the total labor force?
15 percent.
23 percent.
48 percent. 
64 percent.

Where can you find the highest percentage of women among workers employed? 
In industrial plants.
In hospitals.
In elementary and secondary schools.
In offices.

Why do many working women choose to have fewer children?
Because they do not like children.
Because they want to develop their careers.
Because they cannot afford to have many children.
Because their husbands do not want to have many children.

What is the woman¡¯s problem?
She finds no place to put her photo album in the living room.
It¡¯s difficult for her to take photographs indoors.
She can¡¯t find her photo album.
She is not a good photographer.

What does the man say about Michelle? 
The job¡¯s short hours make it impossible for her to refuse.
She¡¯s looking forward to meeting her new colleagues. 
She refused the position because of the low salary.
The job is turning into an excellent opportunity for her. 

What is the woman going to do?
Take the man to the station.
Find out when the next bus leaves.
Show the man the way to the station.
Look after the man¡¯s things.

What does the woman tell the man? 
He has to do what is necessary in order to learn.
He doesn¡¯t have to memorize all the vocabulary. 
There is not much he can learn by memorizing.
He knows the whole vocabulary list already.

What does the man imply about the shirt? 
He hasn¡¯t had time to try it on yet. 
It doesn¡¯t fit him very well. 
He needs a long¡ªsleeved shirt.
He¡¯s not sure he likes the pattern.

What information can you get from the conversation? 
The woman doesn¡¯t think it will snow.
The location of the session has been changed. 
The session might-be canceled. 
She¡¯ll probably be too tired to walk to the session. 

What does the woman suggest the man do? 
Use bleach on his socks.
Buy new white socks. 
Wash his red T-shirt again. 
Throw away his pink socks. 

What does the man imply?
He hasn¡¯t talked to his brother since he transferred.
He doesn¡¯t think his brother should transfer. 
His brother doesn¡¯t want to transfer.
He hadn¡¯t heard the news about his brother.

What does the man want to know? 
Which seminar the woman wants to sign up for. 
If the woman keeps money at the bank. 
Where the woman learned about the seminar. 
If the woman has taken other classes on personal finances. 

What do you know. about the man? 
He¡¯s used to cold weather. 
He expected the weather to be warmer over the weekend.
He has never liked the weather in October.
He didn¡¯t see the forecast for the weekend.

What will the woman probably do next?
Leave the art exhibit.
Help the man understand the display.
Take the artwork down.
Call the museum director. 

What is the woman discussing with the man?
The man is the right person to lead the group.
No one qualifies as the group leader.
They should choose someone as their study group leader.
They shouldn¡¯t count on anyone for help in selecting work.

What conclusion can you draw from the man?
He doesn¡¯t know where his brother keeps his computer.
The woman should buy a used computer.
He doesn¡¯t know how much computers cost.
His brother paid too much for the computer.

What does the man imply? 
It¡¯s been too warm to wear the jacket.
The jacket is too big for him. 
He doesn¡¯t like cold weather.
He didn¡¯t buy the jacket until cooler weather arrived. 

What does the woman say about Herald? 
He started the semester in a bad mood.
He¡¯s not usually bad-tempered. 
He has few responsibilities.
He doesn¡¯t like the man.

Which of the following is NOT true considering Clinton¡¯s contributions during his administration?
The unemployment rate was the lowest in modern times. 
Inflation was the lowest in 50 years. 
Home ownership was the highest in the country¡¯s history. 
A budget surplus was achieved. 

When did Clinton take his family name? 
On the day he was born.
When he was four years old.
When he was in high school. 
When he was in Georgetown University.

What did Clinton once want to be before he entered politics? 
A professional musician.
A professor.
An actor. 
A lawyer

Who influenced Clinton and led him to enter a life of public service?
George Washington. 
Abraham Lincoln.
Franklin Roosevelt. 
John Kennedy. 

Which of the following words can best describe the speaker¡¯s attitude towards President Clinton?
Positive.
Negative. 
Neutral.
Hostile.

What does the speaker mainly talk about?
William Shakespeare as actor and playwright.
The influence of William Shakespeare on the theater. 
The life of William Shakespeare.
How William Shakespeare became wealthy.

Why did Shakespeare leave his native place according to a legend?
He did not like the life of being an apprentice to a butcher.
He did not like his school life.
He wanted to find a job in London.
He wanted to be an actor. 

Why was Shakespeare invited to join the gentlemen¡¯s company?
Because of his brilliant conversation. 
Because of his handsome appearance. 
Because he wrote good plays.
Because he became Lord Chamberlain.

What made Shakespeare a wealthy man?
Help from his friends.
His connection with the theater.
The large property he inherited.
His attending the horses for the gentlemen.

Why did Shakespeare have a curse engraved on his gravestone? 
He wanted people to know how humorous he was. 
He was afraid of being forgotten many years later. 
He wanted people to know he did not like the world he lived in. 
He wanted to threaten anyone who might remove his body from his grave.

What is the woman¡¯s problem?
The man doesn¡¯t want to play tennis with her. 
Someone else has borrowed her racket. 
She didn¡¯t bring her racket but wants to play tennis. 
Her racket is broken. 

What does the woman mean? 
She reads more slowly than the man does.
She has a lot of materials to read before she has coffee.
The man does more work than necessary. 
The man seems to be taking a long time preparing for his philosophy class. 

What happened to the man? 
His ankle was broken.
The woman injured his leg. 
Nowhere can the man buy crutches. 
The woman is unwilling to help him. 

What did the man try to do last night?
He tried to call the woman. 
He tried to give the woman some help. 
He tried to know what he was supposed to do. 
He Spoke to the woman on the phone last night. 

What does the woman mean? 
She¡¯s annoyed by the man. 
She doesn¡¯t want a sandwich.
She has already eaten. 
She doesn¡¯t want anything to eat now

What does the woman imply?
She¡¯s pleased they were invited.
Susan gave them the wrong directions.
They¡¯ll probably be late for dinner. 
Susan¡¯s house is probably nearby.

What does the man imply he will do? 
Buy some orange juice for the woman. 
Borrow some money from the woman. 
Drive the woman to the store. 
Pay back money the woman lent him.

Why hasn¡¯t the woman worn the dress before?
She forgot she had it. 
It does not fit her.
She intends to give the dress to her sister. 
She doesn¡¯t like its style. 

What can be inferred about Karen? 
She never cleans the apartment. 
She¡¯s doing a report with her roommate.
She¡¯s too busy to clean the apartment. 
She doesn¡¯t like sharing an apartment.

How does the man like the novel?
He thinks is boring.
He thinks it is worth reading. 
He thinks it is unrealistic.
He thinks it is out of date.

What does the man mean?
He doesn¡¯t like to wake up early in the morning.
The woman seems unusually sad. 
There¡¯s no Special reason for his good mood. 
He wasn¡¯t in a good mood when he woke up. 

What will the man probably do next Friday? 
Get a ride to the station with the woman.
Take the woman to the station.
Borrow the woman¡¯s car to go to the station. 
Drive his car instead of talking the train. 

What does the woman suggest the man do? 
Review the assignment by himself. 
Wait a few minutes before trying to phone John again.
Ask one of John¡¯s housemates about the assignment. 
Go over to John¡¯s house. 

What will the man probably do?
He will vote for his roommate. 
He may also run for class president. 
He will vote for neither of them.
He Will vote for the woman. 

What is the woman¡¯s implication? 
She doubts if the author¡¯s ideas would work. 
The author isn¡¯t an expert in economics. 
She has a better theory about the economy.
The author spends too much time arguing about details.

How did the emperors plan the city and arrange the residential areas? 
According to the etiquette systems of the Zhou Dynasty. 
According to the etiquette systems of the Ming Dynasty. 
According to the social status of the residents. 
According to what they liked.

Who lived near the palace to the east and west? 
Artists.
Poor people.
Laborers.
Imperial kinsmen and aristocrats.

Where were simple and crude hutongs mostly located?
Very near the palace. 
In the Forbidden City. 
Far to the north and south of the palace. 
Far to the east and west of the palace.

What do you know about the ordinary people¡¯s quadrangles? 
They were small in size but beautifully built. 
They were simply built with small gates and low houses. 
They had beautifully painted big gates but small windows. 
The roof beams were beautifully carved and painted. 

What is the percentage of the houses along hutongs in the urban district of Beijing today? 
1/3.
1/2.
1/4.
2/3.

What is ¡°white¡± often supposed to be associated with?
Virginity.
Sincerity. 
Passion. 
Hope.

What does ¡°white¡± indicate in the western Catholic tradition?
A change of status.
Hopelessness.
Joy.
Privilege.

When did the white wedding dress become popular? 
In the early 17th century.
In the early 18th century. 
In the early 19th century. 
In the early 20th century.

Why was the white wedding dress popular among the upper class people?
Because it signified virginity.
Because it was used to show off one¡¯s privilege.
Because it was a practical innovation for brides.
Because it had many defects. 

When did the custom begin of locking the white wedding dress away after the wedding? 
Less than a hundred years ago.
Less than two hundred years ago.
More than a hundred years ago.
More than two hundred years ago.

What does the woman mean?
She wants some coffee before she leaves.
She likes coffee ice cream.
one will pour enough milk for three.
She wants her coffee with milk. 

What does the man want to do?
He wants to plan a party for Bob. 
He wants to give Bob some help.
He wants the party to be postponed. 
He wants to plan a party for Meg.

What do you learn about the man?
His jogging team is outside.
He¡¯s running out the door.
He¡¯s getting tired.
His jogging suit is clean.

What does the man imply? 
He isn¡¯t sure that the meeting was called off.
They shouldn¡¯t ask Marcia to meet them at the shore. 
The woman can decide whether or not to tell Marcia.
The woman ought to know Marcia¡¯s telephone number.

What does the woman say about the problem?
She thinks it¡¯s easy.
She can¡¯t solve it.
She can help the man with it. 
She hasn¡¯t tried to solve it yet.

What will the woman probably do?
Look for owls with the man.
Meet the man at the owl exhibit.
Call the radio station.
Listen to the broadcast.

What information can you get from the conversation? 
There is a charge for overdue materials.
There is a charge for overdue materials.
There is a charge for overdue materials.
There is a charge for overdue materials.

What information can you get from the conversation? 
There is a charge for overdue materials.
There is a charge for overdue materials.
There is a charge for overdue materials.
There is a charge for overdue materials.

What information can you get from the conversation? 
There is a charge for overdue materials.
There is a charge for overdue materials.
There is a charge for overdue materials.
There is a charge for overdue materials.

What information can you get from the conversation? 
There is a charge for overdue materials.
There is a charge for overdue materials.
There is a charge for overdue materials.
There is a charge for overdue materials.

What information can you get from the conversation? 
There is a charge for overdue materials.
There is a charge for overdue materials.
There is a charge for overdue materials.
There is a charge for overdue materials.

What information can you get from the conversation? 
There is a charge for overdue materials.
There is a charge for overdue materials.
There is a charge for overdue materials.
There is a charge for overdue materials.

What information can you get from the conversation? 
There is a charge for overdue materials.
There is a charge for overdue materials.
There is a charge for overdue materials.
There is a charge for overdue materials.

What information can you get from the conversation? 
There is a charge for overdue materials.
There is a charge for overdue materials.
There is a charge for overdue materials.
There is a charge for overdue materials.

What information can you get from the conversation? 
There is a charge for overdue materials.
There is a charge for overdue materials.
There is a charge for overdue materials.
There is a charge for overdue materials.

Where was George Washington¡¯s home located? 
In Massachusetts.
In Washington, D.C. 
In Virginia
In Alabama.

What are David Milarch and his son?
Environmentalists.
Mount Vernon workers. 
Mount Vernon officials.
Tree experts. 

Where does David Milarch plan to clone the thirteen oldest trees?
In tree nurseries in Massachusetts. 
In tree nurseries in Alabama and Oregon. 
At Mount Vernon.
In Arnold Arboretum at Harvard University. 

Which of the following is NOT true about cloning trees? 
Grafting is the name of the process used to copy trees. 
Grafting has existed for a very short time. 
The T-bud technique is often used to clone trees. 
Grafting technique has been used for thousands of years.

Why are the old trees at Mount Vernon important?
Many of them died of environmental pollution.
They are on the verge of extinction.
They existed when George Washington was alive.
They were planted by George Washington himself.

What does the speaker mainly talk about?
The dinosaurs images. 
The dinosaurs heads. 
The dinosaurs¡¯ nostril position. 
The dinosaurs¡¯ sense of smell.

What did dinosaurs use their nostrils to do? 
Breathe
Smell.
Control their body temperatures.
All of the above.

Which of the following have/has survived as fossil remains? 
Dinosaur bones.
Dinosaurs¡¯ soft tissue.
Dinosaurs¡¯ bones and soft tissue.
Dinosaurs¡¯ noses. 

How many kinds of creatures did Professor Winter examine in his studies.
35.
45.
50. 
55. 

What does Professor Witmer conclude based on his studies? 
The dinosaurs¡¯ nostrils were high on the head.
The dinosaurs¡¯ nostrils were just above the mouth. 
The dinosaurs¡¯ nostrils were just above the eyes.
Dinosaurs were sea creatures.

Why doesn¡¯t the man wear his yellow shirt?
The shirt lacks buttons.
He can¡¯t find the shirt.
He doesn¡¯t like the shirt. 
He thinks the shirt is inappropriate for the occasion. 

What information can you get about the man? 
He has three classes in a row. 
His class begins at one o¡¯clock. 
His class meets for three hours. 
He will be in class all afternoon. 

What does the man mean? 
The team won despite playing poorly.
The team has to play at least one game. 
At least the football team played well.
The team should have won the game.

What does the woman imply?
She needed warmer clothing than in previous summers.
She knitted two sweaters in August. 
August was warmer than the rest of the summer.
She was unusually busy all summer. 

What does the woman want to know? 
If the man is going to the bookstore.
How the man feels about the news.
If the man is going to lose his job.
Where the man heard the news.

What does the woman suggest they do?
Ask someone to recommend a place to eat.
Cook something for themselves
Go to another place to eat.
Check the cafeteria later.

Why can¡¯t the woman see the pictures? 
The store has lost them. 
The man doesn¡¯t have enough money to pay for them. 
The film hasn¡¯t been processed yet.
The man is in a hurry. 

What does the man say about his calculator?
He uses it everyday. 
His calculator is broken.
He doesn¡¯t want to lend his calculator to anyone.
Someone else borrowed his calculator.

Which of the following is true about the man ?
He likes to drink coffee in the morning.
He seldom wakes up early.
He needs tea to feel alert. 
He doesn¡¯t usually eat breakfast. 

What does the man think they should do?
They shouldn¡¯t change their plans.
They shouldn¡¯t trust the weather forecast.
They should have the picnic indoors. 
They should put off the picnic till next week.

What will the woman probably do next? 
She will lend her car to the man.
She¡¯ll go shopping with the man. 
She is going to have her car repaired. 
She will go to the supermarket near the school by herself. 

What does the woman mean? 
The man should not take off his jacket.
The man should get comfortable.
It¡®s time for the man to go home.
She likes the mans jacket. 

What can be inferred from the conversation? 
The woman will lend the man some money.
The man can send in the forms next week. 
The man should finish the forms now.
The woman doesn¡¯t like filling out financial aid forms.

What does the man suggest the woman do?
Put ice on her hand.
See a doctor in a few days.
Avoid using her hand for a while. 
Clear the ice off the sidewalk.

What does the man suggest the woman do?
Check for an appropriate apartment at another building.
Rent the $600 apartment temporarily. 
Share an apartment with someone.
Wait until there is a cheaper apartment available.

How many Americans have won the Tour de France?
one.
Two. 
Three.
Four.

Why is Armstrong important in sports history? 
He has won four Tour de France races. 
He is the youngest one who has ever won the Tour de France.
He has won all the important bicycle races in the world since 1996.
He has won four Tour de France races as a cancer survivor.

According to Armstrong, why did he survive the cancer and. the treatments?
He had excellent doctors.
He truly believed he would get better.
He was very lucky.
All of the above.

According to Armstrong, how many more years Will he continue to compete in the bicycle race?
Two more years.
Three more years.
Four more years.
Five more years.

What does the speaker mainly talk about? 
How to win the Tour de France. 
The Tour de France is one of the most difficult competitions in all sports.
How Armstrong survived as a cancer patient.
As a cancer survivor, Armstrong has done best in a sports career.

What happened at Wimbledon earlier this month? 
Serena won the Children¡¯s Championship. 
Serena and Venus won the women¡¯s doubles. 
Venus won the Women¡¯s Championship.
Both a and b. 

Which of the following is NOT true about Richard Williams?
He is the two sisters¡¯ father.
He contributes most to the success of the two sisters.
He had someone teach the two sisters how to play tennis.
He predicted that the two sisters would become top tennis players.

How many African¡ªAmerican women have won the Wimbledon Championship? 
Two.
Three.
Four.
Nineteen.

What do critics say about the two sisters?
They do not play their best tennis against each other.
Serena plays tennis better than Venus.
The two sisters are not the top tennis players in American history. 
Venus plays tennis as Well as Serena does.

What do sports reporters think of the two sisters?
The two sisters are only good tennis players. 
The two sisters are excellent tennis players but not intelligent.
The two sisters are always family first, and then tennis players. 
The two sisters are not only great tennis players but also intelligent and strong young

What can be inferred from the conversation?
The bookstore is rarely crowded.
The woman has bought all her textbooks for this semester.
Many students have used books to sell.
Last semester¡¯s books cost the woman several hundred dollar's.

What does the woman mean?
The graph is in the center of the page.
She can¡¯t discuss the problem until later.
She¡¯s only finished half of the document.
They should look for another graph immediately.

Which of the following is true about the man?


He¡¯s supposed to go to the meeting.
He wants the woman to give George the message.
He doesn¡¯t know why George can¡¯t attend the meeting. 
He forgot to deliver a message. 

What will the man do?
End his conversation quickly. 
Make several calls for the woman. 
Take the phone off the hook. 
Write down his phone number. 

What will the man probably do? 
Return his literature books to the library. 
Keep his books from the literature class. 
Sell his literature books to the woman. 
Give his literature books to his roommate.

What does the woman imply the man should do?
Fill out an application form. 
Apply for a different position.
File the papers in the cabinet. 
Show her the advertisement from the newspaper.

What does the woman suggest the man do?
Go with her to the airport.
Talk to her for a short time. 
Find out when the plane is leaving.
Make the phone call now. 

What will the man do to help the woman? 
He will give the woman directions to Chicago. 
He will drive the woman to Chicago. 
He will get a map for the woman. 
He will take the woman to the bookstore. 

What can be learned about the man? 
He didn¡¯t show his paintings at the exhibit. 
He didn¡¯t see the paintings. 
He doesn¡¯t understand Ted¡¯s art.
The exhibit was canceled.

What can be known according to the conversation?
The woman has canceled her trip to Iowa. 
The snowstorm is getting weaker.
The man¡¯s information isn¡¯t accurate. 
They also may get a lot of snow.

What will the woman probably do? 
She will spend some time to get ready for the dinner.
She will join them for dinner on time.
She will go out shopping.
She will need all the time she can get to prepare for a test. 

What does the man suggest the woman do? 
Take the class this semester. 
Get permission to take the class. 
Take the class over again.
Register for the class next semester. 

What do you learn about the man? 
He doesn¡¯t like his new eyeglass frames. 
He hasn¡¯t had a haircut.
He got his eyeglasses a long time ago.
He has been asked by several people about his new eyeglass frames.

What does the man mean? 
He shouldn¡¯t have applied for the job.
He is disappointed with his interview.
He performed well in the interview.
He doesn¡¯t want to discuss the interview now. but he did make a few good points at the end.

Which can be learned about the woman according to the conversation?
She left the lecture for a few minutes.
She was reading during the lecture.
She may have fallen asleep. 
She misunderstood the speaker¡¯s last points.

According to FBI Director Muller, what is the main responsibility of the FBI?
To protect the United States from terrorist attacks.
To investigate threats from other countries.
To employ more prople skilled in languages.
To appoint more people to intelligence positions.

Why is the justice department reorganizing the FBI?
The FBI has failed to collect information about religious organizations.
The FBI headquarters lacks skilled agents.
More hands are greatly needed in gathering information about terrorist attacks.
The FBI has been criticized for its actions in relation to the Sept. 11th terrorist attacks.

How many more agents does the FBI plan to hire?
11,500. 
900. 
500. 
1,900. 

What kind of people does the FBI plan to hire?
People whose major is information technology.
People who studied foreign languages in college.
People skilled in computer technology, science and languages.
People skilled in gathering and studying intelligence information.

What do some civil rights groups a with traditional American rights.
The new rules interfere with traditional American rights.
The new rules have threatened the safety of American Muslims.
The new rules will bring efficiency to the FBI.
Under the new rules, political dissenters will be expelled from the U.S.

What does the speaker mainly talk about?
Congress has approved the nuclear waste burial project.
Whether to bury the nuclear waste material under Yucca Mountain or not.
Yucca Mountain is not the right place for burying nuclear waste material.
The evidence for burying nuclear waste material. in Yucca Mountain.

How many tons of radioactive nuclear¡¯ waste material will be buried if the project can be carried out?
Over 7,000 tons.
Over 1,700 tons.
More than 17,000 tons.
More than 70,000 tons.

According to Bush Administration officials, why is Yucca Mountain a good place to bury the nuclear waste?
Because it rains very often in this area.
Because it is in an extremely cold area.
Because of its lack population audios-v rainfall.
Because it is in the central part of the U.S. 

Why do some people oppose the nuclear waste burial project?
They say Yucca mountain has experienced earthquakes.
They think the radioactive material may pollute underground water because of movements in the earth. 

They fear the rock might not be able to keep the waste from entering water underground.
All of the above.

What are the prospects of the nuclear waste burial project?
It is still unknown.
It is still unknown.
It is still unknown.
It is still unknown.

